* What is Lua?
  Lua is a simple, yet powerful, language for extending applications.
  Lua has been developed by TeCGraf, the Computer Graphics Technology Group
  of PUC-Rio, the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
  Dozens of industrial products developed by TeCGraf use Lua.

* Some features of Lua
  Lua has a simple, pascal-like, syntax.
  Variables need no declaration, but Lua has user-controlled type constructors.
  Lua has powerful data description constructs (e.g., associative arrays).
  Functions can receive a variable number of arguments and can return multiple
  values.
  Lua programs are compiled into bytecodes, which are then interpreted to
  simulate a virtual machine.
  Lua is written in ANSI C and is completely portable.

* Coming soon
  Object-oriented extensions.
  Lazy evaluation.

* Installing
  To make, simply type domake.
  If make succeeds, you get an interpreter in ./bin/lua.
  The libraries are in ./lib.  The include files are in ./include.
  You don't need the other directories for development.
  There is documentation in ./doc and tests in ./test.
  The documentation includes a reference manual and an article on the
  design and implementation of Lua.
  This distribution is biased towards SunOS 4 with gcc but it is simple to
  change the Makefiles for other systems.

* Legal matters
  Lua is not in the public domain;  TeCGraf keeps its copyright.
  Nevertheless, Lua is freely available for academic purposes by anonymous ftp
  at ftp.icad.puc-rio.br:/pub/lua/lua-1.1.tar.Z.
  For commercial purposes, please contact us.

* Contacting the authors
  Send your comments, bug reports and anything else to lhf@icad.puc-rio.br.
  Please send me email if you download Lua so that we can know how far it goes.

--
Luiz Henrique de Figueiredo                          email: lhf@icad.puc-rio.br
TeCGraf-Grupo de Tecnologia em Computacao Grafica, ITS, PUC-Rio
Rua Marques de Sao Vicente 225                       voice: +55 21 529-9424
22453-900 Rio de Janeiro, RJ, Brasil                   fax: +55 21 511-5645
--
